In animation_no_deadock, we see an animation showing normal operation

However, if we make vehicle 4 move, we can create a deadlock situation. Consider
animation_deadlock. Because vehicle 3 does not detect collision with vehicle 0 
it can proceed but it ends up blocking vehicle 0 and causing a deadlock situation.
(Maybe we could forsee this by seeing that 3 needs to wait within corridors
of another vehicle that is waiting?)
This deadlock can be detected and in this case, vehicle 0 can just pick another
temporary destination to move out of the way to resolve the deadlock.

Consider now animation_deadlock_not_resolved. Here, another vehicle (that is
not involved in the deadlock waiting chain) blocks the position that was used
by vehicle 0. Instead, vehicle 0 tries to move the the starting position of 
vehicle 5, but this position is not reachable. However, note that when 
considering all vehicles involved in the waiting chain, we can still resolve
deadlock since vehicle 3 could move to its original position (which is still
reachable).

Unfortunately, animation_deadlock_cannot_be_resolved shows an example where
no vehicle in the waiting chain sees any free station it can reach. The solution
strategy should be the following:
- if possible, instruct a vehicle in the waiting chain to a free station
- if no free station is available, pick a vehicle in the waiting chain and an 
  occupied station it could reach (if it were free). Refer to the vehicle 
  occupying this station as V. Then, pick a free station that is
  reachable by V and instruct V to go there. This ensures the previous option
  is possible and deadlock can be resolved.
In this example, either vehicle 5 moves back and vehicle 0 moves to where
vehicle 5 was, or vehicle 6 moves back and vehicle 3 moves back to where
vehicle 6 was.

?????
Can we guarantee that we can find an idling vehicle that can go to a different
station?
?????


NOTE: in this example, not all stations can be reached from any other station.
If we enforce this assumption, 
animation_deadlock_resolved_by_reachability_assumption shows that we can still
avoid deadlock!